c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.exe.config
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\obj\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.exe
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Web.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Web.Shared.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Shared.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Mobile.Shared.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Stripe.net.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Mandrill.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\ZipTastic.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Linq.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Store.Azure.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\ImageResizer.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\PagedList.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Web.Core.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Web.Shared.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Core.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Shared.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Wantify.Mobile.Shared.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Mandrill.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Mandrill.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Linq.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\ImageResizer.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\PagedList.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\obj\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.exe
c:\users\jeeva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wantify.UserManager\Wantify.UserManager\obj\Debug\Wantify.UserManager.pdb
